Title: Animal Care Program (ACP)
Slogan: Any Age, Come aboard to help these Helpless Animals!
Navigation Bar
About
List of Volunteer/Rescuing Work
Rewards
Contact
Responses
Menu Glyphicon
About
This program is about caring for animals, where you will spend time volunteering in different animal centers taking care of the animals. Animals centers may include Farms, Zoos, Vet hospitals, and others. 
Volunteer Work: 3 hours
Benefits:
Beneficial for Completing and Submitting forms of Volunteer Work
Beneficial for Resume Records 
Useful in the future for careers and jobs
Rewards: Spend time with the Animals for 1 hour (After Volunteer)
Animal Therapy w/ images
Play with them w/ images
Feed the Animals w/ images
Volunteer and Rescues
Information: Act Now! To help out, you can do the following
How to Help:
Button for Donate (Go to Donate Section)
Button for Sign Up (Go to Signup section)
Button for Adoption/ Foster (Go to Adoption Section)
Places to help out (list)
Source: Google Search: Volunteer
ASPCA
ACC
Sign up for volunteer/rescue animals
Name: First Last inputs
Email: input
Phone Number Input
Assigned Place (list)
Ask a Question: How many people? If many, create a group.
Number Input (Dropdown)
Ask a question: Why do you want to volunteer?
Answer Input
Submit Input
Reset Input

Donate
Name Input (First  Middle (optional) Last)
Email Input
Phone Number Input
Ask for how much money
Submit Input
Reset Input
Adoption/Foster
Name Input (First Middle Last)
Checkbox/Radio for animals (images)
Ask a question: Pick Up or Mail
If Pick Up, ask for location
If Mail, ask for location
Submit Input 
Reset Input
Contact
Phone Number: 917- 130 - 1320 (Phone Glyphicon)
Email: animalscare@gmail.com (Email Glyphicon)
By providing my mobile number, I agree to receive periodic text messages from the ACP. Text STOP to opt-out, HELP for more info. Message and data rates may apply. Terms & Conditions / Privacy Policy (checkbox)
Responses (Testimonials)
“This was fun. After I got used to this, the animals cuddled up to me. It was so cute!”- Rachael Wang
“I came to volunteer with my friends and it was fun. Time passed by as if it was nothing.”- Leo Sabatello
“I want to volunteer more!”- Jessica Wu
“Working with other people help me refresh my mind a bit. To decide yourself what you want to do, you gotta do it!”- Virginia Harbron
“Volunteering is a great benefit towards your future!” - Thomas Berson
Footer
Copyright
